Day 1:
working on Milestone 4: saw a video on OAuth working.
Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZH_lGxqFYU&t=1s
Learning:
1. client app asks resource owner for login using resource provider
2. resource provider client asks the authorization server of resource provider
3. authorization server sends a login to client app
4. resource owner proceeds.
5. authorization server sends the authorization token to resource provider client, which in turn sends the authorization token to the client app.
6. client app sends the token to authorization server, which in turn sends the access token
7. client app sends the access token to resource server
8. resource server sends the token to authorization sever for verification.
9. resource servers sends the data to the client app.
TLDR;
Client redirects user → Authorization Server
User logs in & consents
Auth server redirects back with authorization code
Client backend exchanges code → access token
Client uses token → Resource Server
Resource server validates token → returns data
Day 2:
1. Learned More about OAuth 2.0 and OAuth 1.0, SAML, OCID.
2. Tried using auth0 react sdk for OAuth.
3. one of the errors -
"Dev Keys: One or more of your connections are currently using Auth0 development keys and should not be used in production"
Day 3:
1. react-router has three modes: declarative, data and framework: currently we are using declarative method in react-router
2. How to make a protected route through authO: using withAuthentication method, using a factory pattern to create a function that can be used to create multiple protected compoenent or pages
Day 4: 
1. Learned about the flow of authentication, also about the tokens: Authorization Code(Exchange Code to get the access token), Access Token(Token for Registered APIs to access ), Client ID(application ID), ID token(Resource Owner ID)
2. Learned how to get access token, also learned when it is opaque and when it is JWT.
3. Access Token is for the backend APIs to be protected 
4. Learned withAuthenticationRequired is used to make protect route but also preserve state for better UX, similar can be achieved by passing appState in the AuthorizationParams
5. Learned about GRANTS. Not very clear about it 
6. /Authorize endpoint and /oauth/token endpoint
[appState, withAutheticationRequired, onRedirectCallback, Authorization Code Exchange, Registering APIs in Dashboard, setting audience to get JWT]
Day5:
1. sending the JWT to backend
2. ISSUE: clicking sign up or sign in sends to home and ig home does not contain the jwt : FIX was too allow permission from auth0 dashboard to the API.
Day 6:
Day 7:
1. creating cards: 
    a. issues faced: This is the way: "bg-red-500" (static string) ✔️ | This is NOT the way: `bg-${color}-500` (dynamic string) 
Day 8:
1. fixing responsiveness
2. fixing layout type [3/4]: 
3. use case: we want three column layout: approach flexbox: adding width as w-1/3 but gap introduces a problem in layout, better fix: grid


Render vs Remount
case : resetting all the states on url change: using key property forcing remount making two different comoponents altogether